= Contributed Rack Middleware and Utilities

This package includes a variety of add-on components for Rack, a Ruby web server
interface:

* Rack::JSONP - Adds JSON-P support by stripping out the callback param
  and padding the response with the appropriate callback format.
* Rack::LighttpdScriptNameFix - Fixes how lighttpd sets the SCRIPT_NAME
  and PATH_INFO variables in certain configurations.
* Rack::Locale - Detects the client locale using the Accept-Language request
  header and sets a rack.locale variable in the environment.
* Rack::MailExceptions - Rescues exceptions raised from the app and
  sends a useful email with the exception, stacktrace, and contents of the
  environment.
* Rack::NestedParams - parses form params with subscripts (e.g., * "post[title]=Hello")
  into a nested/recursive Hash structure (based on Rails' implementation).
* Rack::PostBodyContentTypeParser - Adds support for JSON request bodies. The
  Rack parameter hash is populated by deserializing the JSON data provided in
  the request body when the Content-Type is application/json.
* Rack::ProcTitle - Displays request information in process title ($0) for
  monitoring/inspection with ps(1).
* Rack::Profiler - Uses ruby-prof to measure request time.
* Rack::Sendfile - Enables X-Sendfile support for bodies that can be served
  from file.
* Rack::Signals - Installs signal handlers that are safely processed after
  a request
* Rack::StaticCache - Modifies the response headers to facilitiate client and proxy caching for
  static files that minimizes http requests and improves overall load times for second time visitors.
* Rack::TimeZone - Detects the client's timezone using JavaScript and sets
  a variable in Rack's environment with the offset from UTC.
* Rack::Evil - Lets the rack application return a response to the client from any place.
* Rack::Callbacks - Implements DSL for pure before/after filter like Middlewares.
* Rack::Config - Shared configuration for cooperative middleware.
* Rack::NotFound - A default 404 application.
* Rack::CSSHTTPRequest - Adds CSSHTTPRequest support by encoding responses as
  CSS for cross-site AJAX-style data loading
* Rack::Deflect - Helps protect against DoS attacks.
* Rack::ResponseCache - Caches responses to requests without query strings
  to Disk or a user provider Ruby object. Similar to Rails' page caching.
* Rack::RelativeRedirect - Transforms relative paths in redirects to
  absolute URLs.
* Rack::Backstage - Returns content of specified file if it exists, which makes
  it convenient for putting up maintenance pages.
* Rack::AcceptFormat - Adds a format extension at the end of the URI when there is none, corresponding to the mime-type given in the Accept HTTP header.
* Rack::HostMeta - Configures /host-meta using a block
* Rack::Cookies - Adds simple cookie jar hash to env
* Rack::Access - Limits access based on IP address
* Rack::ResponseHeaders - Manipulates response headers object at runtime
* Rack::SimpleEndpoint - Creates simple endpoints with routing rules, similar to Sinatra actions
* Rack::TryStatic - Tries to match request to a static file

=== Use

Git is the quickest way to the rack-contrib sources:

  git clone git://github.com/rack/rack-contrib.git

Gems are available too:

  gem install rack-contrib

Requiring 'rack/contrib' will add autoloads to the Rack modules for all of the
components included. The following example shows what a simple rackup
(+config.ru+) file might look like:

  require 'rack'
  require 'rack/contrib'

  use Rack::Profiler if ENV['RACK_ENV'] == 'development'

  use Rack::ETag
  use Rack::MailExceptions

  run theapp

=== Links

rack-contrib on GitHub:: <http://github.com/rack/rack-contrib>
Rack:: <http://rack.rubyforge.org/>
Rack On GitHub:: <http://github.org/rack/rack>
rack-devel mailing list:: <http://groups.google.com/group/rack-devel>
